Update roadmap.md (#27005)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/discover-more/roadmap/roadmap.md

- **Better documentation.** 📚 No problem is solved until documented.
- **Performance.** 🚀 React abstraction has a cost. The more components you render, the slower your page will be. You will notice stark differences when rendering a large table or list.
- **Bundle size.** 📦 You can follow our progress [with bundlephobia.com report](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=@material-ui/core). Please pay special attention to the cost of the individual modules under "Exports Analysis".

> - **TypeScript.** 📏 We are continuously improving the definitions. The codebase is mostly written in JavaScript with manually authored `.d.ts` definitions. While we don't plan a migration effort as standlone effort, new modules are written in TypeScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **TypeScript.** 📏 We are continuously improving the definitions. The codebase is mostly written in JavaScript with manually authored `.d.ts` definitions. While we don't plan a migration as a standalone effort, new modules may be written in TypeScript.
```
Fix the grammar. Make it clear that writing new modules in TypeScript is not a hard requirement.
